[memoize] Migrate to TypeScript (#2427)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/hip-moons-play.md

---
'@emotion/memoize': minor
---

> Migrate to TypeScript and emit declarations based on the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source code has been migrated to TypeScript. From now on type declarations will be emitted based on that, instead of being hand-written.
```
